add network_chaos.md (#98)
pingcap/chaos-mesh: doc/network_chaos.md

# Network Chaos Document

This document whill help user to build Network Chaos experiments.

Network chaos are mainly divided into two categories, namely **netem chaos** and **network partition**.

Netem chaos contains some kinds of network chaos, such as delay, duplication, loss and corrupt.

Network partition can decompose pods into several independent subnets by blocking communication between them.

# Network Partition Action
Sample network partition ducument:
```yaml
apiVersion: pingcap.com/v1alpha1
kind: NetworkChaos
metadata:
  name: network-partition-example
  namespace: chaos-testing
spec:
  action: partition
  mode: one
  selector:
    namespaces:
      - tidb-cluster-demo
    labelSelectors:
      "app.kubernetes.io/component": "tikv"
  direction: to
  target:
    selector:
      namespaces:
        - tidb-cluster-demo
      labelSelectors:
        "app.kubernetes.io/component": "tikv"
    mode: one
  duration: "10s"
  scheduler:
    cron: "@every 15s"

> ```

Reviewer: add example file addr 
eg:  
```
User can find and edit the template refer to examples/io-mixed-sample.yaml.
```

# Network Chaos Document

This document whill help user to build Network Chaos experiments.

Network chaos are mainly divided into two categories, namely **netem chaos** and **network partition**.

Netem chaos contains some kinds of network chaos, such as delay, duplication, loss and corrupt.

Network partition can decompose pods into several independent subnets by blocking communication between them.

> # Network Partition Action

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# Network Partition Action
## Network Partition Action
```

  mode: one
  selector:
    namespaces:
      - tidb-cluster-demo
    labelSelectors:
      "app.kubernetes.io/component": "tikv"
  direction: to
  target:
    selector:
      namespaces:
        - tidb-cluster-demo
      labelSelectors:
        "app.kubernetes.io/component": "tikv"
    mode: one
  duration: "10s"
  scheduler:
    cron: "@every 15s"
```
User can find and edit the template refer to [examples/network-partition-example.yaml](../examples/network-partition-example.yaml).
* **action** defines the specific pod chaos action. In this case, it means network partition, represents the chaos action of network partition of pods.
* **mode** defines the mode to run chaos action.
* **selector** is used to select pods that are used to inject chaos action.
* **direction** represents the partition direction, supported direction: from / to / both.
* **target** represents network partition target.
* **duration** define the duration time for each chaos experiment. As the example shows, the network partition lasts 10 seconds.
* **scheduler** defines some scheduler rules to the running time of the chaos experiment about pods. More rule info: https://godoc.org/github.com/robfig/cron

> # Netem Chaos Actions

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# Netem Chaos Actions
## Netem Chaos Actions
```

Author: Directory at this level has been modified.

There are 4 cases, loss, delay, duplicate and corrupt.

The meanings of action, mode, selector duration, scheduler are consistent with the description in the Network Partition.

### Network Loss

> Network Loss means that network packets are dropped randomly.

Reviewer 2: need a blank line

> In this case, two attributes are required, loss and correlation.
>
> ```yaml
> loss:
>   loss: "25"
>   correlation: "25"
> ```

> > Loss represents the percentage of packet loss. The above example shows a 25% chance of parcket loss.

Reviewer 2: s/parcket/packet/g

>
> Network chaos variation isn't purely random, so to emulate that there is a correlation value as well.

### Network Delay

> Network Delay means to delay the sending of network messages.

Reviewer 2: ditto

> In this case, three attributes are required, correlation, jitter and latency.
>
>```yaml
>  delay:
>    latency: "90ms"
>    correlation: "25"
>    jitter: "90ms"
>```
> Latency indicates the delay time in sending packets.
>
> jitter represents the jitter of the delay time.
>
> The above example shows that the network latency is 90ms ± 90ms.

### Network Duplicate

> Network duplicate means packet duplication.

Reviewer 2: ditto

> In this case, two attributes are required, correlation and duplicate.
>
>```yaml
>  duplicate:
>    duplicate: "40"
>    correlation: "25"
>```
>
> Network duplicate is specified the same way as network loss. The parameter "Duplicate" indicates the percentage of packet duplication. And it shows that duplication rate is 40%. 

### Network Corrupt

> Network corrupt means packet corruption.

Reviewer 2: ditto

Author: done

* **mode** defines the mode to run chaos action.
* **selector** is used to select pods that are used to inject chaos action.
* **direction** represents the partition direction, supported direction: from / to / both.
* **target** represents network partition target.
* **duration** define the duration time for each chaos experiment. As the example shows, the network partition lasts 10 seconds.
* **scheduler** defines some scheduler rules to the running time of the chaos experiment about pods. More rule info: https://godoc.org/github.com/robfig/cron

## Netem Chaos Actions

There are 4 cases, loss, delay, duplicate and corrupt.

The meanings of action, mode, selector duration, scheduler are consistent with the description in the Network Partition.

### Network Loss

Network Loss means that network packets are dropped randomly.
> In this case, two attributes are required, loss and correlation.
>
> ```yaml
> loss:
>   loss: "25"
>   correlation: "25"
> ```
> Loss represents the percentage of packet loss. The above example shows a 25% chance of packet loss.
>

> > Network chaos variation isn't purely random, so to emulate that there is a correlation value as well.

Reviewer 3: Can you provide a direct definition for correlation?

### Network Delay

> Network Delay means to delay the sending of network messages.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
A Network Delay action causes delays in message sending. To add a Network Delay action, locate and edit the corresponding template in [/examples](../examples/network-delay-example.yaml).
```

> > In this case, three attributes are required, correlation, jitter and latency.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
> In this case, three action specific attributes are required - correlation, jitter, and latency.
```

>
>```yaml
>  delay:
>    latency: "90ms"
>    correlation: "25"
>    jitter: "90ms"
>```

> > Latency indicates the delay time in sending packets.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion

> **latency** defines the delay time in sending packets.
```

>

> > jitter represents the jitter of the delay time.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
> **jitter** specifies the jitter of the delay time.
```

>

> > The above example shows that the network latency is 90ms ± 90ms.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
> In the above example, the network latency is 90ms ± 90ms.
```

### Network Duplicate

> Network duplicate means packet duplication.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
A Network Duplicate action causes packet duplication. To add a Network Duplicate action, locate and edit the corresponding template in [/examples](../examples/network-duplicate-example.yaml).
```

> > In this case, two attributes are required, correlation and duplicate.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
> In this case, two attributes are required - correlation and duplicate.
```

>
>```yaml
>  duplicate:
>    duplicate: "40"
>    correlation: "25"
>```
>

> > Network duplicate is specified the same way as network loss. The parameter "Duplicate" indicates the percentage of packet duplication. And it shows that duplication rate is 40%. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
>   **duplicate** indicates the percentage of packet duplication. In the above example, the duplication rate is 40%. 
```

### Network Corrupt

> Network corrupt means packet corruption.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
A Network Corrupt action causes packet corruption. To add a Network Corrupt action, locate and edit the corresponding template in [/examples](../examples/network-corrupt-example.yaml).
```

> > In this case, two attributes are required, correlation and corrupt.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
> In this case, two action specific attributes are required - correlation and corrupt.
```

>
>```yaml
>  corrupt:
>    corrupt: "40"
>    correlation: "25"
>```
>

> > Similar to the other cases described above, the parameter "corrupt" indicates the percentage of packet corruption.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
> **corrupt** specifies the percentage of packet corruption. 
```

# Network Chaos Document

This document describes how to add network chaos experiments in Chaos Mesh.

> Network chaos is mainly divided into the following two categories:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Network Chaos actions are mainly divided into the following two categories:
```

> - **netem chaos** covers regular network faults, such as fault injections into network delay, duplication, loss, and corrupt.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- **Network Partition** action separates pods into several independent subnets by blocking communication between them.
- **Network Emulation (Netem) Chaos** actions cover regular network faults, such as network delay, duplication, loss, and corruption.
```

> - **netem chaos** covers regular network faults, such as fault injections into network delay, duplication, loss, and corrupt.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```

> - **network partition** separates pods into several independent subnets by blocking communication between them.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- **Network Partition** action separates pods into several independent subnets by blocking communication between them.
```

## Network Partition Action

> To add the network partition chaos experiment, locate and edit the corresponding template in [/examples](./examples/network-partition-example.yaml). Below is a sample network partition configuration file:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To add the Network Partition chaos experiment, locate and edit the corresponding template in [/examples](./examples/network-partition-example.yaml). Below is a sample network partition configuration file:
```

>
> ```yaml
> loss:
>   loss: "25"
>   correlation: "25"
> ```
> loss defines the percentage of packet loss.
>
> Network chaos variation isn't purely random, so to emulate that there is a correlation value as well.

### Network Delay

A Network Delay action causes delays in message sending. To add a Network Delay action, locate and edit the corresponding template in [/examples](../examples/network-delay-example.yaml).
> In this case, three action specific attributes are required - correlation, jitter, and latency.
>
>```yaml
>  delay:
>    latency: "90ms"
>    correlation: "25"
>    jitter: "90ms"
>```
> **latency** defines the delay time in sending packets.
>
> **jitter** specifies the jitter of the delay time.
>
> In the above example, the network latency is 90ms ± 90ms.

### Network Duplicate

A Network Duplicate action causes packet duplication. To add a Network Duplicate action, locate and edit the corresponding template in [/examples](../examples/network-duplicate-example.yaml).
> In this case, two attributes are required - correlation and duplicate.
>
>```yaml
>  duplicate:
>    duplicate: "40"
>    correlation: "25"
>```
>

> >   **duplicate** indicates the percentage of packet duplication. In the above example, the duplication rate is 40%. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
>**duplicate** indicates the percentage of packet duplication. In the above example, the duplication rate is 40%. 
```

> spec:
>   action: partition
>   mode: one
>   selector:
>     namespaces:
>       - tidb-cluster-demo
>     labelSelectors:
>       "app.kubernetes.io/component": "tikv"
>   direction: to
>   target:
>     selector:
>       namespaces:
>         - tidb-cluster-demo
>       labelSelectors:
>         "app.kubernetes.io/component": "tikv"
>     mode: one
>   duration: "10s"
>   scheduler:
>     cron: "@every 15s"
> ```
* **action** defines the specific pod chaos action. In this case, it means network partition, represents the chaos action of network partition of pods.
* **mode** defines the mode to run chaos action.
* **selector** is used to select pods that are used to inject chaos action.
* **direction** represents the partition direction, supported direction: from / to / both.
* **target** represents network partition target.
* **duration** define the duration time for each chaos experiment. As the example shows, the network partition lasts 10 seconds.
* **scheduler** defines some scheduler rules to the running time of the chaos experiment about pods. More rule info: https://godoc.org/github.com/robfig/cron

# Network Loss / Delay / Duplicate / Corrupt

> > There are 4 cases, loss, delay, duplicate and corrupt.

Reviewer 4: how about removing this level's `>`?

Author: ok. I have removed.
